---
toc: true
layout: post
description: Notes and Hacks 
categories: [markdown]
title: Sections 9 and 10
---
# Notes 
## 3.9 Video 1 
- Algorithms can be written in different ways and still accomplish the same tasks
- Algorithms that appear similar can yield different side effects or results
- Some conditional statements can be written as equivalent Boolean expressions
- Some Boolean expressions can be written as equivalent conditional statements
- Different algorithms can be developed or used to solve the same problem

## 3.9 Video 2 

- Algorithms can be created from an idea, by combining existing algorithms, or by modifying existing algorithms.
- Iteration: Repeating steps, or instructions over and over again. ( this could be also often called a loop )
- Selection: is a decision or question. At some point in an algorithm there may need to be a question because the algorithm has reached a step where one or more options are available.

## 3.9 Video 3 
- Knowledge of existing algorithms can help in constructing new ones. Some existing algorithms include:
- Determining the maximum or minimum value of two or more numbers. Computing the sum or average of two or more numbers. Identifying if an integer is or is not evenly divisible by another integer. Determining a robot’s path through a maze.
- Using existing correct algorithms as building blocks for constructing another algorithm has benefits such as reducing development time, reduce testing, and simplifying the identification of errors.
- Algorithm: A process or set of rules to be followed in calculations or other problem solving operations, especially by a computer.

## 3.11 Video 1

- Determine the number of iterations required to find a value in a data set.
- Explain the requirements necessary to complete a binary search.
- The binary search algorithm starts at the middle of a sorted data set of numbers and eliminates half of the data; this process repeats until the desired value is found or all elements have been eliminated.
- Data must be in sorted order to use the binary search algorithm
- A binary search is often more efficient than sequential/linear search when applied to sorted data.
- While using Binary Search you have to put the group of numbers from ascending or descending order
- What the computer does it takes the lowest index and the highest index, adds them and then divides that value by 2.
- This gets the middle value and starts the search at the middle of the group.





Write this Boolean statement in the form of a conditional (if/else) statement: stayInside⟵((isCold) OR (isRaining))