---
toc: true
layout: base
description: Team ANJL San Diego County Travel Website
categories: [markdown]
title: CB Project Criteria
---

# How my feature fits the Collegeboard Criteria

Category | Criteria | How it fits the criteria?
-- | -- | -- 
Program Purpose and Function | ✅ describes the overall purpose of the program demonstrated in the video ✅ describes what functionality of the program is demonstrated in the video  ✅ describes the input and output of the program | The Your Likes page will keep track of progress made on the website and keep it in one place and organized.
Data Abstraction |  ✅ one program code that shows how data has been stored in this list (or another collection type). ✅ one program code that shows the data in this same list being used as part of fulfilling the program’s purpose. ✅ identifies the name of the variable representing the list being used in this response. ✅ describes what the data contained in this list is representing in the program | The Your Likes page will include activities and landmarks they want to do and visit will be stored in a separate list. 
Managing Complexity | ✅ includes a program code segment that shows a list being used to manage complexity in the program  ✅ explains how the named, selected list manages complexity in the program code by explaining why the program code could not be written, or how it would be written differently, without using this list. | Without storing this information in a list, the user could not properly use our website to plan their trip with specialized activities. 
Procedural Abstraction | ✅ one program code showing a student-developed procedure with at least one parameter that has an effect on the functionality of the procedure ✅ one program code showing where the student-developed procedure is being called. ✅ describes what the identified procedure does and how it contributes to the overall functionality of the program | The Your Likes page will use the procedure of users hearting an item and contribute to the functionality of the program, which is to find activites to do and places to go to. 
Algorithm Implementation | ✅ includes a program code segment of a student-developed algorithm that includes sequencing, selection, and iteration ✅ explains in detailed steps how the identified algorithm works in enough detail that someone else could recreate it | The Your Likes page will use iterations because the user will have to repeat the action of hearting a item in order for it to add to the Your Likes page and to be stored in the table database. 
Testing | ✅ describes two calls to the selected procedure identified in written response 3c. Each call must pass a different argument(s) that causes a different segment of code in the algorithm to execute.✅ describes the condition(s) being tested by each call to the procedure. ✅ identifies the result of each call | The Your Likes page will be built first, and then be tested in order to pass different arguments. 

# More 

The College Board performance task criteria has requirements of an apporiate project that is demonstrated through a write up and video. Through showing the grader that we know our information and have a thorough understanding of it according to the student learning objectives. 

- My role: Frontend 
- My feature: Your Likes Page
    - Goal: To keep track of what landmarks and activities users like and keeps and organizes user’s progress in one place 

## My part

For my group’s Collegeboard Performance Task, we are going to create a travel website where users can plan their trip in the San Diego County area and choose landmarks to visit. This will help with time and budget management. Our primary audience for our website are tourists and San Diego county residents that are finding something to do or see. I am going to be working on the Your Likes page, which is where users can keep track of what landmarks and activities they like by simply clicking a heart shaped button. 

## Code Plan 

The coding plan for the Your Likes page aims for any time a user hearts soemthing, the item will be stored in a table database. We plan to use Python to save the user’s progress as well as HTML, CSS, and Javascript. In addition, we will be implementing CRUD into the Your Likes page: Create: User inputs their details for the trip in a filter and data will be saved, Read: usrs can access their like page which is saved each time, Update and Delete; users can remove liked landmarks/activities in narrowing down places or they could add more. 

## Video Plan 

In my writeup and video, I plan to use the Collegeboard criteria to clearly and expliclity get acorss my idea to the grader and others. I will test the feature, Your Likes page and do a run through demonstration while simotaneuosly describing and explaining the iterations, procedures, and algorithms I used. In the video, I will show a user accessing the activites page and hearting the items and then show how the hearted items appear on the Your Likes page. 




